If you use Claude, you can build an AI agent. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to build your first AI agent with Claude code. And even if you're experienced, I'm going to show you my latest system, which is the best way that I've ever found to do this. Step one is instructions, step two is give it access to our tools, and step three is to teach our agent. So, you save more time, make more money. It is literally that simple, and you don't need any coding experience. And at the end of this video, you're going to have a working AI agent that will make you more productive, helping you build anything you imagine. And if you're new here, my name is Jack. I built and sold my last tech startup with a gazillion customers. Now, I'm building my own AI companies, and I just share here the stuff that actually works. So, if you haven't yet, grab that beautiful coffee, and let's dive straight in. So, your very first AI agent. Let's understand what it is, because if you don't understand what an AI agent is, you're never going to build one properly. Loads of people skip it and trip up, cuz they don't understand this. So, an AI agent actually only has four parts. The first one is its memory. So, this is everything that it remembers. It could be emails that you sent last year, meetings that we had before, information from experts. This is its brain, if you like. And if you can come down here, you can see, for example, essentially, it's just what has it learnt? Standing facts and lessons it's picked up, and it lives in something called memory.md. The MD just means a markdown file. It's just a file in that format. That is it. If you understand that, you literally understand 90% of coding. All right. Second thing we've got is this loop. This is how your AI agent behaves. The heartbeat, essentially. Think about it like this, there's a difference. A chatbot waits for you to say something. An agent prompts itself. It looks at where it is, it decides next action, it takes it, then it loops back over and over until the goal is done. This is the thing that separates it and actually makes it an agent. This loop, this way of it does an action, it sees the results of that, asks itself questions until the end result is actually done. Third thing is tools. So, this is answers the question, "Well, what can it do?" So, what can it connect to? Can it send us emails? Can it create calendar appointments? Can it do deep research on the internet? Can it find out different informations? These are the more tools that we give it relevant to our world, the more capabilities that it has, which is a really exciting thing. Then finally, we have context. Context, if you think about this, these are basically the rules. They answer the question, "What should it do?" written by you, and we create those for every single project that we do. And if you understand these four things in the language I just yapped at you, you're already way, way, way ahead of most people on the planet. Now, with that in mind, we can connect these and plug our entire world into these AI agents. Slack, Notion, calendar, Gmail, LinkedIn, Firecrawl, Instagram, there are just so many things that we can connect, which is what makes them so freaking powerful. Now, why do I care about this? What Why should I even be listening to this? This is really important, okay? The AI agent market is expected to exceed $50 billion over the next 4 years. There are several people making well over a million dollars a year using AI agents. I know some of them personally. And then we have the degree of knowledge work. But the most important thing outside of these examples is the fact that agents create what is known as leverage, which is exceptionally powerful whether you want to do something for your own productivity system or your own individual business. Crucially, 5 years ago building software needed a team, but today one person agents can ship what dozens of people used to do. For example, I don't have a technical background, but I build software for my clients. I build software for my community that does incredible things um that only 5-10 years ago would have been inconceivable to do. This is what this physically unlocks. It gives you those capabilities to achieve that. And this takes us onto the biggest misconception that I see. And they would call this the driver and the race car. Okay? So, these are two things that people confuse all the time. The model, in other words, this is Claude, Gemini, ChatGPT, is the driver, and where that driver is, in other words, the race car, is what we'd call the IDE, which is the integrated development environment. That is something like, for example, VS Code, or Cursor, or Anti-Gravity, or what we call the terminal, or Claude Code. So, Claude Code is also a model, and also Claude is an app at the same time. So, you have the model powering the car, the driver, again, that could be ChatGPT, Claude, and then you have where coding happens, which could be the Claude app, it could be VS Code, it could be all these different locations. So, we could use any one of these things here, but then use any number of models that we want to. Really important distinction to basically understand why this connects the way that it does. Now, to show you how powerful these AI agents can be, I'm going to show you something that clients pay thousands and thousands of dollars for, and you're going to have it functional by the end of this video. And to do that, we need to download only one application. And here I'm talking about Claude Code, both the app, and then we've got the actual models that run inside it. If this is looking like Spanish, are you thinking, "Jack, I have no idea what all this stuff is?" I've got a full masterclass down below. I'll put a link for it in the community that takes you through how to use this, memory systems, uh Hermes Claude bot, building anything, design systems, uh compliance, and also monetization with this stuff. So, I'll put a link down below if that's helpful for you. But, to get the Claude Code app, all you need to do is literally come to this link right here, and all you're going to literally do is just download it onto your to use it, you need only uh the basic subscription, which is, I believe, only around $20 a month, and you'll be able to do Claude Code. There are free alternatives. You could go and download something called Anti-Gravity, which is excellent, and you can get started with that completely for free, as well, if you prefer. And the same principles apply in both. Now, what we're going to build together, because I wanted to create something that, once you know the process of building it, you can effectively build anything that you imagine and this is just scratching the surface. So, what we're going to build today an outbound agent, okay? So, it's Monday morning. This agent what it's going to do first of all is scrape our website, our own personal business website, okay? To get a brand identity, a brand brief. And what we're going to do is we're going to go ahead online and we're going to find 20 rich leads based on our own specific client. So, let's say that we sell pool cleaning services or we're lawyers or whatever it is. It's going to head and find for us 25 specific clients based on everything that we offer. What we're then going to be able to go ahead and do is we're going to get a beautiful HTML document that's going to have the business, it's going to have their contact information, it's going to have a custom LinkedIn message that we can send, it's going to have a custom email that we can send based on what's actually viral and working. Then what it's going to go ahead and do once it's completed that is it's going to connect to our Google calendar and actually insert in our diary next week all the times that we're going to be working on the specific outreach. So, literally all you've done the AI agent's done everything. It's found the leads, it's got their contact information, and it's added it all to our calendar, and all we have to do is review and send. We're going to build this entire thing so you get these beautiful calendar slots. And if I want, this can even go ahead and literally set these appointments up for me. Honestly, it literally is and this is what this channel's about is whatever you imagine, we can effectively build. And which is why this is so so cool. So, we need to do this only across a couple of steps. And so, we're going to use what I call the BLAST framework, which is a universal instruction manual that you can give to Claude code for any project you're ever doing and it will walk you through all the specific things that it needs to do to hit your desired outcome. And all you ever do is copy and paste it and then you're going to be ready to rock and roll. So, the first thing to do is come to this link. I'll put it down below for you in the school community so you can grab that completely for free. And effectively, this is our universal Claude MD protocol, okay? All you're going to do is paste the prompt below into Claude code at the start of any project. Claude's going to ask you five discovery questions. Then it's going to create something called a Claude.md file. These are just the instructions for Claude, basically. It's going to project constitution at the root. It's going to follow what we call the blast protocol, the ant, the architecture navigation tools build. It is beautiful and something I've been playing with for a long time, so I've refined it quite a lot. So effectively, this is the first thing that it does when you give it is what we call an initialization protocol, okay? So it's basically going to create a couple of different files. It's task plan, it's findings, it's progress, and it's decisions. So if we're building something together and it says, "Great, Jack. Actually, I don't really want to target these specific customers." We record that in decisions, so we can look at that later. And as the project evolves, we you it helps us guide it in a more structured way. So once it's finished the initialization, it goes through the blast framework. So to start with a blueprint, which is vision logic. Effectively, what is the north star? Which is so important and the biggest hack if you take anything away from this video, let it be this, which is what is your stated intention? My stated intention is what I want to be true at the end of this is cuz you can over subscribe AI, but just tell it the end result and it may find a better and faster way to get that. Then we go through links. So what are all the tools it physically needs to make this happen? We have then after that, we have the architecture, which is as we know LLMs are probabilistic. In other words, if you ask it 100 times, you get 100 different answers. So we want to be specific about that. We have the style. So how do I want it to physically look cuz style is important. And finally, the trigger in terms of how will this actually be? So that's the overview and it's got some beautiful operating principles down here. And this, by the way, these operating principles are based on a gentleman called Andre Karpathy, one of the founders of OpenAI, and they're called the Karpathy principles. Effectively, the four or five biggest issues that sit with models. So we include this in our prompt to make sure that it's data first. It does surgical changes. In other words, it only touches what we ask it to. It's simplicity first, so minimal logic, no speculative abstractions. It's going to be goal-driven, so every change is measured against our North Star, which is really, really important. And per task driven, so we explore, plan, code, commit, no skipping the process. And then we have some good file structure there. And all you're honestly going to do, guys, is copy this document, control A on all of it, control C them, and then we're going to head over to Claude. Now, what I'd recommend that you do is pick a project environment for this. I could just make it in the chat. Ideally, if you have a project, think of this as just your folder. So, I can click on add folder, and as you can see, I have folders. So, I'm going to come down here. I'm going to call this one leads 2.0. Why 2.0? I have no idea. Well, leads 1.0 didn't exist, but this one is really cool. So, this is how powerful it is. It even skipped level one. Now, when this is done, we're going to come down and see what model we're using. We can check our usage down in the bottom right-hand corner, which is cool. So, I've got everything I want here, which is decent. Extra high is probably the best way to go about this, just because Mac sometimes can send it round in circles a little bit. And then when you come back up to Claude, simply paste all that information in. So, now it's going to ask us the question. So, let's give it the first thing that we want. What is the singular outcome that means that we want them to come? So, uh this is what I would like to happen. I would like a beautiful HTML dashboard. I want you to go to my website. I want you to extract the HTML. I want you to extract the brand identity. And then from that, I want you to build for me a beautiful HTML dashboard in that style. Then what I want you to do is go ahead and find for me 20 leads um that'd be perfect for me, and I'll tell you what they are. And what I would like you to grab for me their email address, any social media profiles that exist on that business. Then what I would like to happen is I would like a column for a LinkedIn outreach message. I would like a column for a email draft. And when all of that's done, I'd like you then to access my calendar and time book out next week a few hours where I can action those emails, do a bit of research, and actually go ahead and do some cool stuff. That's what I would like to happen. So, we've explained our end goal, and we'll just send that off. So, this leads us very nicely on to step two of our BLAST framework, which is connecting Claude to our world. So, there's a couple of things that we're going to need to connect to, okay? Four, in fact. We need Firecrawl to do the search, which is optional, but it will enhance it. We want Apify to scrape, and then we want the Google suite. Sounds complicated, actually dead straightforward. So, what I tend to use for internet search is something called Firecrawl, but let me start with the Google suite. So, on the plus down there, come down to you'll see plugins, you got connectors. Click on manage connectors, okay? Then effectively, this just helps you connect to your world. So, if I want to connect, for example, Google, I type in Google, and you can see it just pops up there. If I want to connect Google Drive, for example, I'm going to disconnect this just so you can see exactly how this works. I'll disconnect. So, then to connect it, I'm going to come down type in Google. You can see Google Calendar is not connected, so we click on this guy, then we click on connect. We'll open up a brand new window. You pick the email that you want. We go ahead and we approve what this looks like, and then we should be fully connected to Gmail, and we can now ask any question we want to within Claude, which is awesome. We go back, and then we're done, which is great. So, the exact same process, if you haven't already, for Gmail. Now, we've done calendar. As you can see, mine is connected. But then, what if we want to use something like Firecrawl, which will basically cut our costs down massively, by about 80%, and it's designed to search and get information, especially if you want to extract things like brand identity. So, what I do for Firecrawl is you need to add in a custom MCP. Let me show what that looks like. And this is a great skill to learn if you ever search for something and you don't see that. You see, I type in Firecrawl, it doesn't exist. So, sometimes you want to connect to things that you just can't find that. And this is helps do that beautifully, okay? So, when you can't find it, you can click X off that, for example, and click on plus, add in custom connector, which basically means if it exists, we can probably connect to it. Let's name the name, which is going to be Firecrawl, and then we just need to give it a unique URL with our key. That's all we got to do. So, all I'm going to do is literally I'm on Firecrawl here. Here's my API key. It's through this current account here. But if I come over to see, for example, this page here, uh you can grab this. You can also speak to ChatGPT account and say, "Hey, I want to connect to this MCP. What is the right link?" That's literally all you need to do. You come back over. And the reason I'm showing you this because when you know how to add custom connectors, you can connect anything that you want to. It's that simple. The only we got to do is replace this with our API key. So, come back over, come over here, and then let us copy this bad boy. I come back, and then I just replace it. You click on add, and then you'll see that it's all populated there, which is fantastic. And then we do the exact same thing with Apify. If you haven't added Apify yet, we come back over. You can see mine's already been added in. It's a custom connection. It's the exact same process. Apify is, I would describe, our Willy Wonka's of scrapers. Apify is the thing that will let us scrape Google Maps and the internet and Instagram and TikTok, anything you could possibly imagine. And it's completely free to get started. Then in Apify, all you do is click settings in the bottom left, and then you'll see here, you click API integrations. And once again, you copy API key, then head back over. And now we've connected our world. We'll just confirm all the sources that we want there. Yep, that sounds great. Let's use Fire Crawl to do the scraping. Um the qualified leads, what you could do is also check their website as well as use Apify if you find you can get further information. That'd be wonderful. Email, that sounds great. LinkedIn data sounds awesome. I'd love to understand some personal things about them so that I could actually craft a unique outreach message. I think that'd be wonderful. There's no need to book um meetings with them, but I would just like to diary block out maybe for Monday and Tuesday next week just based on each of the individual businesses um some time Let's go ahead and work on that. And make that decision based on the information I've got and just use my connected calendar, the one that's connected to this account, please. Um and then once you've done that, I'm going to give you the information that I want you to go and get for the brand identity of the dashboard. I would like you to go ahead to glido.com and find that brand identity and then build me a beautiful HTML dashboard in that style. And now we've answered the second question. And this is really cool. All you have to do is yap, but we're following a very clear structure. Now, glido.com is the thing I'm using to the speech dictation and it's got very unique style. And I'm just doing this because this is the way that I want to see that data and the future's definitely going away from text. I'm more of these beautiful interactive HTML presentations. Then it's come back with confirmation. I'm going to say yes, that is absolutely correct. That will be the source of truth. We're going to have the HTML locally just for me to keep track of everything I'm doing and we'll just grab all those leads as well. Thank you. Then this brings us on to the fourth step of a five-step framework which is deliver payload. So the final result is actually three artifacts, not one, depending on exactly how much each one lands. So the project folder, we'll say, "Awesome, this is the right project folder. The HTML dashboard can live in this project. I want you to open that up when that's complete, please. Calendar event, go ahead and create them. You're not inviting anybody. It's just my own time management next week. Email drafts, no need to create any email drafts. In fact, you know, you can create a draft email if you wish, but ultimately I think it would be great just to have it in the HTML dashboard for me to copy and paste when I'm doing my time management. And the LinkedIn DMs, just send them just save them for me and I will be able to create those personalized ones. Remember, connection requests were something personal and short always does best. And what I would also like you to do is just research best practices for the highest converting LinkedIn messages and the highest converting email so I can get a beautiful email to send out. And then finally, we have question five of five which is the behavioral rules. Remember, this is just how do you want this agent to behave? What does it look like? So what I would like you to go ahead do and, you know, just calibrate the tone based on everything that you know about me. Keep it short. Keep it professional, friendly, and yeah, not too cringe. And yeah, I'm glad that you got everything else and everything else from here looks absolutely fine. Go ahead and build it. And then finally, we'll just tell it who we're looking for. Go ahead and find me roofing companies in Texas. That's going to be the person that I would love to work with and the offer the value prop that I've got is going to be I'm going to build them a beautiful website completely for free. Um no strings attached and just say, "Hey, we help businesses basically grow and get more clients." That's our whole thing and the value proposition is a free, beautiful, high-converting website based on basically all the best highest converting websites that exist. And yeah, that'd be wonderful. And we just send that one off. And what I can tell you now is what this does for us automatically is stuff that used to require, honestly, like hours of building and connecting things. The fact that we can speak in English now is really incredible. By the way, we speak in Spanish previously, but you get the idea now and this will literally architect this entire system based on this free framework that I'm giving you and it'll go ahead and build and connect everything together. And what's really cool here, guys, it's come back with even further clarifying questions, like brand fidelity, how how closely do you want it to match your brand guidelines, working hours, what hours are you working? It's asked us for our LinkedIn URL, so we can actually use that to calibrate our tone, which I think is incredible. Texas granularity, the whole state of Texas, do you want Houston, Austin, Dallas, San Antonio? If you're in Texas, down below. Let me know down below in the comments. I'm thinking about a move in the future. Texas is a beautiful place. I got to check it out at least. Then overfetch, are we okay with more candidates? So you can see just how this improves based on the questions. And also, guys, if you open up the folder that it's working in, you can see it has everything we want. It's got the code.md that describes instructions. It's got memory, findings, decisions. So for example, if I double-click on decisions, what do I see here? There you go. Look, it's everything that we've basically agreed to right there, describing everything, which is fantastic. So now it knows this, if we do further work in the future, it will all be there ready for us. Okay, beautiful. And just like that, it's created it. Now, if it doesn't appear for you, you can just say "Hey, open this up in a local host." All local means is you don't normally get a website, which is www. That's hosted somewhere on a server. Local host is just a file that lives on your computer. That's what local host means. It's running on your MacBook or your Windows. Now, what's really cool here is you see this brand guideline, guys? Does this look It's all similar to this cuz this is what it took inspiration from, the black and the green and the typography and how this all connects. That's exactly what it's pulled together. But, obviously, guys, we don't want to just data based on a Tinder profile. We got to We got to take her out and see what she's like. So, let's have a look at what we're dealing with here. Texas Roofers, 20 leads, free website outreach, one personalized LinkedIn DM, which is cool. So, let's take a look. So, it says here that it's created a schedule for us on how basically we can automate our time in terms of how we want to actually go ahead and do this. So, I've actually pulled up my calendar, and as you can see, when I pull my calendar up, you can see on Monday and on Tuesday, it's literally said, "Jack, you're doing outreach from 9:00." It's giving me a bit of a lunch break. It again It's giving me 30 minutes to lunch at 12:30. I'm kind of it. Um and then we get straight back to it. But, literally, Monday, Tuesday, it's put the put the calendars in for us so we can do it, which I think is fantastic. It's organized that. Probably shouldn't have overwritten my gym. I'll probably tell it not to do that next time. But, you get the general idea. I've added said, "Hey, avoid my gym appointment." But, I can move it around now. And now I have real specific times to do that stuff, which is really cool. Now, I'll come down and have a look. So, we've got all 20 leads. We've got Clark Roofing. I went By the way, I also explained to this, "What I want you to do is do another version of this in a slightly different style." Uh and it did this one. So, maybe you prefer this style. And again, 10 blocks booked by Monday. 20 operators ready for action. And I can look here, I've got their email, I've got their phone number, I've got their company LinkedIn profile. So, let's see if this is, in fact, Clark Roofing. And wouldn't you believe it, it is a Texas roofing company. Awesome. Very, very, very cool. If a roofing person's watching this uh video, by the way, awesome. That's fantastic. So, now we've got drafts as well. So, if I click on show drafts, look at this. I've got a LinkedIn outreach message, I've got an actual email here um that I can just have a look at. Obviously, the formatting needs to be changed a little bit, but I've got that down. And I've just pasted this in. You can see, it's now got everything ready to rock and roll. So, I now have personalized email outreaches and personalized emails um for literally all these 20 leads that I've got down here, which is crazy. And so, now you've got all the data. The next thing we want to do is think about, do we ever need to do this again? And if we do, we can actually turn this into a skill that happens whenever we want to. So, there actually two ways that we can do this. If you can see for example, Texas Roofers ranked we done 30 candidates, 20 leads, LinkedIn DMs, calendar blocks. And hopefully, you can just see whatever we imagine, we can build. That's my basically whole philosophy on YouTube and everything I do for my clients. So, all we're going to do now is one of two things. I may want to turn this into a skill, which means that at any point I want to just find 20 more leads, I can do that. All I would do to make that happen is say, "Hey there, now I'm happy with the result. I would like you to turn this into a skill. And every time I use this skill, make sure that we're not duplicating the same leads and that you keep track of all those leads in a database on my computer, so I'm never double dipping. Thank you." Now, when you've done that, this will then turn it into a skill for us automatically, which is fantastic. And we can invoke that anytime we want to. And then whenever you want to summon that skill, all you do is come down here, you do slash, and you can literally pick any skill that you've got and it will work that for you. Now, you may also be wondering, "Jack, why are you using Claude Code instead of Claude Code Work?" Code Work is just a user-friendly version of Code. And honestly, when you use Code Work, you will hit limitations eventually. Code is like complete Willy Wonka level, do anything you want to. And if you just follow the simple things I showed you in this video, you're going to be uncapped. You're going to be unlimited. I couldn't in good conscience recommend to my my audience and people following me that to build everything in Code Work. Code Work is great and it's awesome for getting started. I highly recommend it to get started. But if you're going to build for the future, you want the full unlimited access, which is why I honestly believe that Code, even though it's called Code and off-putting, isn't the way to do it. But this does bring us on to one really key question. And that's the fact that we built it, which is fantastic. But what if we want to have this run regularly? What if we want to, you know, expand that out to do a thousand leads? And we want to get more complicated. Well, to do that, what we need to do is deepen our skills in Claude, which you can learn by watching this video right here.