Claude code just changed everything about content creation, but most people haven't even realized. You can now animate presentations, decks, and even edit videos with AI. And in this video, I'll show exactly how to 10x your videos using Claude, how to build beautiful animations, and how to solve the number one problem holding people back so you don't waste your time or money, and you get light-years ahead of your competitors. If you don't know who I am, my name is Jack Roberts. I built and sold my last tech startup with 60,000 customers. So, with that in mind, grab that beautiful coffee, and let's dive straight in. Now, unlike this is not about canceling every single video editing subscription that you have, but Claude design did just drop this week, and it does make a big difference if we use it correctly. So, let me share what I mean. If you head over now to claude.ai/design, you can leverage the brand new Opus 4.7 model to build something really cool. And one of the coolest use cases is the ability to create these beautiful animated graphics that we can use in any content, Instagram, TikTok, videos, you name it. Now, if you haven't already, you want to start by creating your own design guidelines under design systems. The really cool thing about this is that you can actually create as many design systems as you like. And we're going to want to codify whatever it is that you make. So, for example, if you come down here and click on create as a reference, we can give it all the specifics that we want for any type of video, and then we can replicably create that whenever we want to using this exact system. So, I might come down here and say something like, "Hey, I am a educating YouTube channel, and I like to make things very easy and visual to understand. I like to use very simple, beautiful animated graphics that communicate one point visually." Obviously, at this point, you can update anything that you want to or drop in any files or assets, which is cool. And what's really cool with this is you can actually feed the AI images for anything you generate. So, for example, if I come down and just drop some files in there, I have all of these arrows, which I can drop in as a reference. And you don't need to do this, by the way, but this is just as for for example. If you get all the assets you think are really cool, like here, I've got some more logos, I can drop those in. Again, you're just going to build this beautiful design system up first, and then give any of the notes. Yes, I would like one screen, one point, very simple, gorgeous sketch style, think kids could draw, think very kind of beautiful animation, very simple. And when you're done that, you're going to come down and click on generate design system. Now, this design system can be used for any kind of multimedia in your content creation process, right? It could be, for example, if you check out this thing I I designed for when I'm walking through videos, right? It doesn't have to be animation. So, when I go through videos now on YouTube, I have things that look like this that are very interactive, and AI basically deploys this whenever I want to. So, whenever I'm doing a big course, like I'm filming right now on Claude code, it can design this. So, this design system could apply to pretty much any area of content creation you're doing, whether you're presenting to clients, doing YouTube videos, or creating content in any format. Now, when I first started YouTube, I thought I had to be the world's best editor. I remember watching so many Premiere Pro tutorials, it was crazy, and I wanted to over-engineer everything, but it's not required now. And this is not something that you're going to have to fire your video editor over. But if you look at any of the big channels now, for example, I pulled up one here as an example, a channel called Nisha Roe. She has two over 2 million subscribers. These are her graphics. It basically is just text, highlighting that text. And another example here is really simple animations. You don't need to go way too complicated and design like essentially Moz Art in a freaking video to make this stuff work. You can keep it simple, keep it consistent, and it can really uplift your quality in any part. Now, with Claude code design, one thing that you might find is that you reach your limits, and if you do that, it will stop you dead in your tracks. But here's something that people aren't telling you, and that's the fact that anything that you're doing right now within Claude code design can also be done within the Claude code app, basically. So, if you download the Claude code desktop app, you can do the exact same thing. And ironically, I've been building so much in design, I've reached my limits, and that's a really cool thing with this video because I can show you exactly how you can replicate it inside Claude code. So, basically, if I'm in Claude code, I'm right hand side looking at Claude code, I can basically say, "Hey there, what I'd like you to do is quickly just codify this design system. What I'd like to do is create a beautiful video animation graphic, very simple, very design-led. I'm going to give you logos I want included in that, and I want you to go ahead and create for me a really simple uh 10- to 20-second animation based on whatever topic I give you. The first thing I want to do, though, is codify the design system. Confirm when you've understood that." So, we do the exact same thing, you can give all of those. Now, if you've already created one of these in Claude, what you can do here, if you come on to design systems on the far right, you can actually click on this and export it. So, I've got my Jack Roberts design system here, I can open this up, and then pretty much download the entire thing. That's fine, so I can say I've hit my I've hit my limit. You can come down here, and you can literally, if I come down here, click on share, I think it is, I can come down and export this as a PDF, download it as a zip, and then you can actually use that exact same thing in Claude code by just selecting that file. So, for example, if I click on product zip, it will download the items. And then within Claude code, literally, you can just decide the file here by clicking on this, and then just select the file that you just downloaded. And beautiful, so now we've confirmed this as a design system, that's fantastic. The next thing that you're going to want to do, and I found this best practice, actually, is think about it as one specific part of the video that you want to annotate. Try not to make like 50-second like things because the longer it gets, the more opportunities it has to go wrong. So, next thing I want to do is just drop in different ideas or screenshots of things that we think are cool for design, and then give it one concept to annotate. So, for example, I'm going to come down here, and I'm going to drop in this image that I thought was really cool. I'll show you what that looks like. It's kind of like a Netflix and a really nice crisp design style. And then you're going to give it a prompt that sounds like this. "Hey there, so your job is to make for me an animated video. But the thing about this video is I'm going to be talking over it, so I want minimal text, and I'm going to give you the script, and from that, it's going to be around, you know, 10 to 20 seconds long that illustrates one single point. You're going to come back to me with a plan of action about what that video is going to look like, then I'm going to go ahead and confirm it. The style I'm going for is kind of similar to the image that I've attached to you. Again, I kind of black background, really nice kind of iconography moving around a little bit, and I want you to leverage the logos that I gave you in the pack. And if you want to, you can get really fancy. So, for example, there's this article I pulled called ihighagency.com, which is fantastic. Now, you can take it any article you want to, and you can come back over to Claude, and I can say something like, "I would like you to pick one concept from this article, grab any images from the article if you want to, and then actually turn it into a short animated version. So, I want one with images and one concept, and then one video that's just going to be purely animated. Go ahead and make both of both for me so I can make a decision on which one I want." And then because you're doing this in Claude code now, it just unlocks new capabilities because Claude itself can just head over to ihighagency.com, grab all the text, and also grab the images to give it a completely new level of capability that you don't get when you're only using Claude design because think about Claude design, it's basically just a user-friendly version of essentially this monster that sits underneath, which is Claude code. And then effectively, once you describe exactly what you want, it will come down and do that for you. So, we can see up the two different videos that it gave us. Let's take a look at video number one. This one is the purely animated, and this is one shot. So, let's check it out. Hit play. All right, three rules of truth, clear thinking, bias to action, discoverability. So, these are the three spokes of a high-agency person. And what's cool here is it's added Jack's tech stack in the bottom left, which is cool. I didn't tell Claude anything with that, but what's cool now is you can integrate logos, like if you've got your own thing, you get the idea. And then just for completeness, this is the other one, which effectively was um basically go to this website, grab the images, find me one concept that I could talk about in a video, and then do something. So, I'll show you this for example, three rules of truth. It's actually grabbed the image from the website, it's rounded the edges, which is cool, had the thing at the top, and then at the end, I think it'll just like animate away. So, you get the idea, this is the kind of thing you can do now with Claude. Now, the cool thing here, if you come back over to Claude, you can now say, "This is awesome. I really like the style of the animated version. I'd like you to turn this into a skill so that in future, if I ask you questions to make the same video, you do that exact same thing. Make sure that it is always 5 to 10 seconds and revolves around one single point." You send that one off, and effectively, Claude will turn that into a skill, which means all you ever do, if you do forward slash, every skill that you have is that. Then I can say, "Use this skill here," and then effectively, I just give it the inputs, and you can build these now programmatically. So, if you have video scripts, you can integrate them. The best place I think to integrate these, if you're doing long-form content, is probably just have it on the screen while you talk about it for a second. Now, creating graphics is one thing, but if you wanted to edit a video, what if you wanted to add graphics in a video, add captions? That is something completely different, but there is a new repo that recently launched that does give us some really interesting capabilities. Now, I know you must be thinking, Jack, whenever I've used video editing software, it's always been really underwhelming. And you'd be completely correct about that. And the big problem is really how it's used and the task ask you tried to ask it to do. If you ask your mate to write you, you know, very long algebra or like basically solve physics, she's going to struggle, but Albert Einstein might be okay with that. In the same way, when we look at these new tools, we have to appropriate them in the correct way to get the best output. And one brand new one is one called HyperFrames. So, what this one can do for us is motion graphics, captions, transitions, lower thirds, charts, counters, and UI mockups. So, what exactly is it? Well, basically, it's HTML CSS, and can do MP4s, MOVs, and WebMs. Um open source, it's built by Haid and during the guys that do all the avatars, they're obviously building their tech stack out, which I think is quite It makes a lot of sense for those guys to do that, and it renders locally on your computer. Effectively, what it does is pretty much motion graphics, so it's kind of stuff that agencies would charge you money for, you know, you've just different softwares that do things like this, like um probably you've seen Opus clips and that kind of thing. And it can do a few different styles quite well, so these magnifications, 3D UI reveals, um you know, and it's good for kind of Mac-based UI designs and a few other bits and pieces. Um it talks to Claude code, so basically, we can throw this into our design engine and have it edit things, and then we can just ship different outputs. So, probably really good use cases, talking head overlays, uh tweet to videos, code walkthroughs, PDFs, and promos. It isn't good at fully, like, replacing an entire editor, but the concept here is if you think about video as code, anything that can be turned into code, we can use Claude code to accelerate. But I think this is best explained by giving you a a really cool example so you can see its potential. So, what you need to do is head over to this repo here, which is Hyperframes, click on code, and just copy that bad boy. Then, head straight over to Claude Code. And let's go ahead and create a brand new session. Often times, it's great practice to do this to keep our basic context window down. You'll know as well that Opus 4.7 is hungry, guys. Like, it like the hot even with the design thing, it takes so many tokens. And even on like a big limit, you can hit. So, what I often recommend is that 4.7 to get the basic structure. And then when it comes to like editing stuff, honestly, Sonnet 4.6 is way more than enough like 99% of stuff. So, what I'm going to do is just come down here and say, "Hey there, I'd like to go ahead and basically download this repo for me. And then we're going to go and edit a video together. What I'd like to understand briefly is in five bullet points, what are the coolest things that this can do?" Okay? And I do this just generally to show you that actually Claude can walk you through any technology. We paste in the GitHub repo, and then we can download it, and then edit a sample video that I have from earlier. Cool. So, now that's downloaded, I have a sample video, which I'm going to show you right now. Hey there, my name is Jack Roberts, and 80% of the time, it's correct all the time. 60% of the time, it works every time. So, I've got this thing here called example.mp4. So, let me show you how this works in practice. I head over to Claude Code. I'm going to say, "Awesome, I have a video on my desktop called example.mp4. I would like you to edit it in three completely different ways to showcase the capabilities of what I can do with this. One could be name tag like Jack Roberts. One could have captions. Just give me three different looks that you think might be interesting for this particular clip." One of the limitations to this as well is the fact it will only do it in 1080p. So, if you're looking for 4K, it's not going to be in 4K. So, it's only going to be 1080p. And with that in mind, like I showed you with the Nation and a few other channels, a lot of people yes, you can animate what you're doing, but it's really cool just to have like it even if it's B-roll just when the screen pops up or some on the left-hand side as just a kind of like supplement to content that you're making. And cool little hack for you as well, if you're using the Claude desktop app, you can see down here it tells you how many tokens it's using. This is also a great way to understand if Claude ever gets stuck in a loop, if its tokens have been frozen for a while, just come always come down and do {forward slash} B by the way, okay, and then space, and then ask it a question. You can do even enter if you want to, and just say, "Hey, what's happening?" And you can actually test ask it questions about the actual project and what it's doing without interfering with its core work, but it's a great way to know if it's progressing or not. Wonderful. So, now that's complete, it's given us three different versions of which we can open up. And by the way, you can also say to it something like, "Hey there, I'd like you to open these up for me in the native editor." And once you do that, it will basically open up for you here. Let me show you what that looks like. It says localhost, and you can see now within this, we can actually view the video and do various different things. So, let's take a look at the three different versions that we got. So, this is number one. I'm going to put the mic over here so you can hear it. Hey there, my name is Jack Roberts, and 80% of the time, it's correct all the time. So, there we had a wonderful lower thirds. And on the second one, let's see what we've got on this one here. Hey there, my name is Jack Roberts, and 80% of the time, it's correct all the time. So, he's got it I mean like this is just a random style, but you get the idea. You can basically zip anything you want to. Number three that we've got, let's play this one out. &gt;&gt; My name is Jack Roberts, and 80% of the time, it's correct all the time. Beautiful. So, it's doing a full edit, which is I think really cool. If you can be specific about the style that you want to, again, we can change anything on it. So, say for example, we come back to the captions one. Maybe I want the text to be slightly smaller and have blue and no gaps. We can just come back and give it that feedback. And so, I've just come ahead and give it that prompt. But then when I come back, you can see on the actual assets section, if you click on this, you can see A, what code is that's actually going on there. And you can see the composition of the work created. And then the assets, the actual files and videos and images it's using to create these things together. Cool. So, now that's complete, let's come back and see exactly what this looks like. Come down here and play. time, it's correct all the time. Which I think is really cool. Obviously, you can get really fancy with different HTML animations. We can even come back and ask it to add some animations in the background whilst it's doing that. Beautiful. So, now I come back and let's see exactly what we've got. I'm just going to go ahead and refresh the page and see what we are dealing with. All right, let's come over and hit play. All right. &gt;&gt; Hey there, my name is Jack Roberts, and 80% of the time, That's correct. all the time. I think that's cool. And by the way, I added that fader. I said, "Look, add a fader." But the one issue it's got is the audio sucks. This is the best upgrade we can make. So, what I'd love to do now is actually get the audio run through Auphonic. So, we're just going to come straight back over. And then we're going to give it a prompt like, "Awesome, I'd now like you to run through the entire audio through Auphonic. I'll give my API key, and then just let me know when that's complete." Auphonic, you can do like free ones, but I've got a paid one cuz it's so freaking cool. But all we're going to do is shoot over there and to Auphonic's website. It's like a great um audio enhancer, basically. And it can do this for you programmatically. Then once you're on Auphonic's website, if you go to settings at the top and you just control F, find API, you'll see API key. You can create one right here, and then just provide that to Claude. Cool. So, now that is completed, which is awesome. So, I'm going to hit play on this one, and we should see the improved audio. Let's give it a quick listen. Wonderful. So, now that's completed, let's check to see if the audio is fully improved. Hey Which is cool. You may not be able to pick up on it on the like just by that way of recording it, but it is crazy it can do that programmatically. And so, the key here is to find something that you'll do replicably that actually works, and then we can automate that and systematize that with Claude Code. Specifically, we can have things like land on our desktop, right? And Claude will grab that automatically, do the changes, do any cuts in the video, and process the audio. Essentially, anything that you can actually imagine. But the problem here is that video and content are just one small part of design. So, the next thing that we need to do is learn everything else Claude can do with his design firepower by watching this video right here.