You can now build beautiful videos, websites, and images using Claude Code and the new Hexfield 2, even if you've never coded before. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to build your own content operating system, so you can build beautiful and animated websites, videos, and images [music] quickly using one single app. Meaning, you can turn your viewers into [music] buyers faster than your competitors. And if you're new here, my name's Jack. I built this on my last six startups with the consulting customers. Now, I'm building my own AI businesses, and I share here the stuff [music] that actually works. So, if you haven't already, grab that beautiful coffee, and let's dive straight in. Hexfield reached out and said, "Jack, we want you to do a video on our new MCP." I was like, "This is cool." because I use Hexfield every single day. I've got results like this using Hexfield. So, it was very cool to do it. And what I found is it leads to a content operating system that really unlocks some cool stuff inside Claude, which I'm going to show you inside this video. And I've also seen Hexfield everywhere. I see Hexfield online now more than my own mom. That's how crazy this is getting. But what's the point of this? The idea here is if we can connect Claude Code or ChatGPT 5.5 to Hexfield, we can effectively create this unlimited content factory. And the idea is that we have everything in one app. We're going to be building ours inside Codex, and we can essentially use Hexfield as our content generation system. So, let's see what this actually looks like. You have access to over 50 generation models. You can have one brain runs it all with one really cool workflow. The idea is we can use this to generate websites, videos, images, audio, animation in one place. So, here's the key thing is that the reason why is we've got time and there's quality. So, effectively, what we're going to do here with Claude Code is connect to every generation engine. So, the idea is we've got Claude Code in the middle, but we need to use different models for different things. And oftentimes, the flavor of the day changes. Maybe one day it's ChatGPT image, then it's not a banana, maybe it's this video model, that video model. Effectively, we connect Claude code to a system that has access to every model, we can essentially do everything within one location. So, Gemini, Nana banana, flux, Midjourney, Sora, video 3, you name it, everything connects into Claude with one super duper simple integration, which is very freaking cool. And you can see the different image generations we've got. We've got lots of video generation, obviously Higgsfield itself, Runway Gen 4, KAI, 11 Labs, and a gazillion, a gogantillion more sitting behind it also. And so, the idea here with all these image generation, video generation, and audio voice and music generation is effectively the brain, which we're going to be using inside Claude code. We're going to be tagging the various different models, is essentially going to pick the best item for us for the specific job without having to have like a thousand different integrations. And we can literally swap that out the second that something better drops, so we don't have to re-engineer our entire workflow. And so, we can power in this Higgsfield MCP into different softwares, Claude code, Code X, Hermes, Open Claude, you name it. And effectively, this content engine can power through everything that we need it to. Now, there are a million different applications for this, but what we're going to do is get a website. We're going to actually add in a video component to that without ever having to leave the Claude code ecosystem, which is freaking crazy. Get a new project, get Claude code to build the website, Claude can add the images to that website, and then we get Higgsfield to animate it, and then we can actually push it live all within Claude code. But before we can do that, the very first thing that we have to do is basically connect either Code X or Claude code, whatever our environment is, to Higgsfield directly. Now, the good news is, it is very, very easy to install. As you can see, it works on lots of different platforms, and so you can pick the different integration vertical here. But honestly, you don't really need to do a lot of that. So, now we're inside Code X, we want to go ahead and connect to Higgsfield. Now, here's the thing, there's a couple of different ways we can do this. The MCP, the CLI, the scum. I would recommend the CLI, it is way better, it's one that I'm going to be personally using. So, all we're going to do is come over and select the CLI. We are going to copy this. Now the cool thing about using the command line interface, which is plugs directly into it, is whatever model we're using, Codex, Claude Code, any of these things, they can all draw on the same connection, which is why it's superior in my view. So I'm going to say, "Hey there dude." Dude is important. "I want you to go ahead and install the Higgs Field CLI onto my laptop, okay?" And then you're going to paste in all this stuff here and then just let it rip and do its thing. Now when we want bring in Claude Code to the table to do some really cool website design, what we can do very easily actually is click this thing here at the top, which is toggle terminal, like so. And then you'll see Claude Code is down here. I come down here and there's another conversation I was having about the exact same thing. And I just come down, I click on Claude, and as you can see literally Claude will now appear for us so we can have those conversations super duper easy. And they're very easy to shut down. If you're new to this interface, here's my full video showing pretty much the 99% of stuff you need to know about Codex. You can go check that out and I'll be waiting for you here when you come back. Welcome back if you're back with us now. So look at this now, it's like going to head and getting the CLI installed and verifying everything for us. And by the way, if you do want to go deep with Claude Code, I've got this full masterclass just launched on my community this week. It's got everything from power systems, memory systems, Claude bar apps, building anything, design systems, compliance, and turn that into dollars. I'll put a link down below in the description. I highly highly highly It's stuff I've never covered on YouTube. So if you want to go deep on that and learn the kind of expert stuff, I'll put that down there for you down below. Now what's really cool here is when this is connected, we can effectively use it for anything we want to and we have the full arsenal of media and content and video creation at our disposal. And then just like this, this screen pops up and says connect to Higgs Field. We're going to say, "You know what? We're happy to do that. We're happy to connect these two worlds combined." Which is awesome. Now my device is authorized. If we come back over that should all be finalizing and it looks like it's done. So best thing to do actually is why don't I go ahead and give it an example. So I might give it a prompt like this, okay? "I would like to create for me a 16x9 Ghibli style image of uh three English Springer Spaniels um and then bring that back to me. And go ahead and use the Nano Banana 2 model, please. Beautiful. And just like that, now we've got it. So, you can actually see this image. So, it's given us the image here. We're going to click on this guy. It's too big to view. So, if we click on open up, we see this right now. And do we have Springer Spaniels? We do in Ghibli style. That is freaking awesome. Now, we did this with Nano Banana. You can, within Codec, use GPT-2.0 for images, which is incredible. But, one of the limitations is that we can only really do one at a time. If we use Higgs Field, we can do four or so. And also, if any model comes out and happens to be better than ChatGPT, we can leverage that also. But, where this really shines is in its video generation, the Claude video. So, what we're going to do actually now is build a website together. And what we're going to do to do this is we're going to tag in Claude Code. So, what I want you to do is close this down here, and I want you to come over and grab the terminal by clicking on this button here. And then what we're going to do is essentially give it this command to create Claude. I'm just going to do dangerously skip permissions, but you can just create Claude. And now we have Claude here. And I want you to basically create a website. So, I'm going to say this, "Hey, I would like to create for me a website for a web design agency that sells websites and services to businesses. And I want you to do that in the style of Vercel, okay?" Enter that in. And then to supercharge that, I'm actually going to come up to this repo here, which is a design collective, which has design systems from loads of different businesses, like Spotify, for example. I open this up. This is entire Spotify design system. So, this is just going to help it shortcut and make it wonderful designs. So, I'm going to click on code. I'm going to click on this. Come back over and say, "I'd like you to do this and just gain some insights from the design systems inside this repo." And then we're going to throw that one in. And then the other repo, I actually made this one here, which is something called Power Design, which is set effectively is based on universal design laws that apply to everything. It's really freaking cool. So, I'll show you what this looks like in practice. It essentially just goes through everything. So, you know, it talks about attention economics, um all the best design principles that exist. So, this was built for slides. I'll put a link on screen for that one if you want to. I've never seen results as good as that. It's really freaking cool. So, what I'm going to come ahead and do is come back over to the design repo, and I'm actually going to go ahead and copy this bad boy by copying the code, going back over, and then I'm going to say, "I would like you to be inspired by the design principles contained within this GitHub repo." And then I'm going to come over and just throw in that one there. And then basically set Claude off on its merry way. Now, you could do this within Code X ChatGPT above, but the reality is that the best model on the planet right now is actually Claude for design. So, we're going to use the best model for the very best thing. Beautiful. And when that's complete, we can check out what those websites look like. And I got two versions for you, so we can check it out. I always recommend we do this. So, this is version number one, built for websites uh built for businesses that ship. Really cool. We've got trusted by, and then we can see all of the colorful logos. I think that's really freaking cool. Three stages, so we got to really come down and pick the kind of designs that we think is cool. I think this is refreshingly simple and gorgeous, actually, to be fair. I'm really impressed with this. Obviously, it's leaning in on power design skill uh which I built, which is just like one basically one view port one point. This is a very, very nice option. And then we can add in our video. The second option we got is this one here, websites that ship. It's slightly different vibe and feel, which is cool. Again, we've got the logos there. A site for every part of your funnel. And I wonder if this is This is really freaking cool. I like this feature. Come down, build the basic website from idea to live in 14 days, built on the modern web. I'm not a big fan of these like codey graphicy things. I think they're kind of overdone now. And then we've got a pretty bit more color, you know, contrast. That'd be good. And then we've got everything, which is decent. I really like this. This is a really nice tick touch and feature. Ready to ship. Then we can just basically get out. So, we just picked the website that we like after running it a couple of times. And honestly, I quite like the first one here. I think we should have done a couple of improvements. So, I'm going to basically increase the size of those. And then what we're going to do is actually add in a a sort of like a video. So, when you scroll, it kind of like animates a little bit. So, I think what would be cool is maybe we have this slightly on the left, then on the right-hand side we could just have a laptop with a gorgeous website on it. So, we're going to come here now. I'm going to create a beautiful uh prompt. So, I'm going to say something like, "Hey, I'd like to create for me a image of a MacBook that looks beautiful with a gorgeous website showing on it. Uh I want this to be ideally image dimensions let's do 4 by 5." Uh and I want it to look fantastic, and it must have a white background and bordered with a white background, please. Uh give me four different versions of this, and use the best image model available. And then I'll just add in Hexel CLI just at the end there so we can rock and roll. That makes sense. And this right here is really cool. So, look at this. I use the image gen workflow, which is great. Uh and what's cool here is picking Nando Banana prom because it's the right pick because it supports 4 by 5 directly and goes up to 4K. Well, GPT image 2 in the CLI does not expose 4 V5 in the CLI that is. But, what's cool is I can make four separate generations and bring that down. Ordinarily, what I would often do is go into the Hex site, basically Hexel app, and I'd look at the four images, then I'd decide what I want to do, then I'd re-iterate and do various different things. It's very convenient to be able to fire this off um within the actual app itself. Now, this is really freaking cool because not only has it gotten all four things down for us, so I can click on this and see the images, not this one here. But, what this has actually done in Codec is create a contact sheet. So, I can just click on this, have a look, and it's grabbed all the four images and said, "Look, which of these four do you prefer?" So, I think number four here, which is number three, the V3 software is best. Then we can do some magic. So, I'm going to get the final prompt, which is this. "Hey there, I'd like to create for me an animation." So, my desired end goal here is that basically as the user scrolls on our website, that the laptop evolves in some way, shape, or form. So, could you for example animate this laptop such that, you know, as they scroll, maybe like the graphs and things like the laptop opens up a little bit and does something creative and interesting. Use the best video generation model that you can for that. And when that's done, I'm going to go ahead and integrate that into the website. And then what I might also do is just say this, in parallel, I'd also like to create for me four different image versions of this end state such that if the video doesn't look as good as we want, we could actually play around with the images as well. And then we're going to send this one off. Now, what's really cool, guys, is that you can actually head over to Higgsfield, click on images here on the top left, or like come down to image and create an image and you'll see this page here, which effectively is what it's designing. So, anything that we build together through, you know, Codex through code code is visible here. So, you can see these ones and I found it looks really cool. So, we might say, "Hey, this looks fantastic." Maybe we want to go ahead and use that one, or maybe you like this one. So, you can effectively just go and pick the designs that you think are really decent. And the exact same thing is true of the video, which is generating for us right now in the background. And then, guys, when it's ready, you can actually come over to Higgsfield and check it out if you want to. Of course, this will all be available for you down below in Codex. I think this one is really crisp and really nice. And it came out better than the straight video one. I think that when you give it a certain dimension, like a 4v5, and ask it to do like landscape, you they can be some crossover, but what was really cool about using the Higgsfield UI like here is the fact that it actually found the right model that can take the right dimensions, and I'm super impressed with that. So, then all we would literally do now is say, "Hey there, I love the 4x5 one, the latest video gen. What I'd love to do is to integrate that into the website on the right-hand side." And then in addition to that, I'd like to make the H1 and the H2 larger. We're going to have that on the left, and then this laptop on the right-hand side. And what I would love you to do is have a scrolling animation. So, as I scroll through the website, basically, this whole thing just kind of like, you know, unfolds as I go through the website. And while it's working and building that, I want to show you another little hack that we can do with Higgsfield, and that's something called characters. What you can basically do is create a character by uploading stuff. So, you click on this create character thing, and you can drop like 20 images up. We recommend at least 20 to get a good scope of it. So, you see this one I did here, for example. If I come back over to characters and breaking up thinking about it, I can see now there's me with like nine photos. So, less than you'd expect. But, if you click on generate, you can generate in the app or if you come back over to your environment, for example, and I just open a new chat, I could say something like, "Hey, using the Nano Banana 2 model, use the Hixle CLI to do a photo of Jack drinking a coffee working at a laptop face on." And then we just send that off. And what's cool is you just reference your name Jack and it knows that. So, if you wanted to do custom photos for LinkedIn or something, you can do that now all within the actual environment. What's cool here is it's now going ahead using the CLI and generating that photo for us directly. And then, guys, it will pull up the image. You can click on it, take a look, captures your identity. One interesting thing though is like you want to make sure that you reference my character ID. Just say, "Hey, it's like a character that I'm an avatar that I built." And what we can do is basically say, "Awesome. I'm now like to turn that into a skill such that if I ever ask you to create a character including them Jack, you're going to go ahead and use this character within Hixle." Then literally, you'll have this skill that I'm doing so you can click on it and you can see that basically I've got the entire skill here. So, whenever I actually ask it questions, it will now and build that. And that's how you build these content systems is you find any use case you want to for video, image, audio, and then when you're happy with the output, we'll just say, "Hey, turn that into a skill." And then we can use it whenever we want to. Then after you've gone back with ChatGPT or if you want to chat with Claude, for example, as Claude's got a little bit of a better AI for design, you can end up with a website looks like this. Gorgeous gradient, very professional, very smart. We scroll down and we should have this beautiful animation. Look at that, guys. That is really crisp. Then you come down, you got these different logos, three stages, strategy positioning, brand new XY. Again, leveraging all the skills that we've given it using this Hixle feature to generate the videos. Absolutely gorgeous, really freaking crisp, looks fantastic. And if all I do, you know what? I really like look at this. My favorite bit is this as well. I love that we can just like add these things up. Really premium, really freaking great. We can do anything we want to. Then we can come back over literally to the chat window and publish this on a website very simply by coming over here. We could say, "Hey, sounds awesome. Create a brand new GitHub repo using the GitHub CLI and then use my Vercel CLI to go ahead and publish this and create a website." And if you're not sure what all this stuff means, I'll put a link on screen for my Codex full masterclass that get you 99% of skills. If you didn't click on it earlier, it'll be down below in the description. Um so you can literally learn how to do all this stuff very quickly. And so what we've basically done here, we've wired up, we've connected the skills. Every tool that we've used in this stack has basically become a callable skill that we can enshrine by basically explaining you've done an excellent job. Now turn this into a reusable skill. All right? We can animate any image, we can clone and direct things with voice, we could use so many different features. It's really freaking cool. And what we do fundamentally is turn it into a skill. Run the workflow once, save it as skill.md, and then it will auto run the next time. So the core idea here for your content operating system is that we build it once, we get it to a great standard, and then we can reuse it forever. That could be client websites like I just showed you, animated ads, sell pages, course content, you just see content, product launches, pitch decks, brand systems, you name it, we can literally build it now. So what does all this sort of cost? So I had a look at the Hexadecimal pricing. Obviously there's a cost using Hexadecimal if you're going down that route. Any kind of video gen is going to be something on there. So if you're doing annual, it's $15 a month for 200 credits. Um $39 gives you 1,200 credits. So it's kind of like, I guess almost four times the price for six times the credits. Um and then you can pretty much decide if you want starter, plus, or ultra. Just give you an idea and a sense of what that actually costs. Okay, so firstly let's say that you wanted to do something with Nana Banana 2, okay? And you wanted to do 2K, which is a minimum, and you wanted to do four iterations. That is eight credits. Like always, if you're doing a video with seed answers for, I don't know, let's say five seconds for instance, that would be 45 credits. Just to give you a sense of what the actual price is. And once again, I've put it down here. Nana banner pro image is two credits, claiming 2.06, and you get a kind of great idea of how it all connects together. So, now you've learned exactly how to build these beautiful videos with Claude code and Higgsfield and build this really cool freaking AI content system. The next thing that we're going to want to do though is build on these skills by making our websites incredible, which you can do by watching this video right here.